[Music]
well good evening at welcome to Tucker
Carlson tonight just days ago a hideous
crime was allegedly committed in the
Washington DC suburb of Rockville
Maryland a 14 year old girl a ninth
grader at Rockville High School
reportedly was dragged into a bathroom
and violently raped the two alleged
assailants Jose Montano and Henry
Sanchez million both arrived in this
country just a few months ago Sanchez is
18 years old and in this country
illegally but instead of being deported
back to his country of origin he was
instead placed in the ninth grade and
educated at taxpayer expense this is
insanity of course it's a sign of a sick
civilization at war with itself a strong
country enforces its laws and protects
its citizens that's job one in the u.s.
too often we ignore our own laws and
instead allow Rouen to be visited on our
own people well some people in Rockville
are fed up with all this it was a
meeting today at Rockville High School
with protests outside by angry residents
we had a reporter there will tell you
more about what happened in just a
minute
apparently their outrage does not extend
to Rockville's leaders though the town
won't call itself a sanctuary city but
it is an effect one it follows sanctuary
policies and top officials there don't
want to think about the connection
illegal immigration might have to this
crime or others like it Montgomery
County School Superintendent Jack Smith
for instance said this we're not going
to paint all students who speak another
language all students of a skin color
all students of a religion with a
broad-brush because of a really terrible
incident so I'm saying no tonight we're
going to take care of our students we're
going to take care of this student who
experienced this trauma but what we are
not going to accept is people who say
that 25,000 of our students shouldn't
get to go to school because they speak
another language in other words
diversity is our strength
move along you're racist shut up thanks
jack well thankfully Maryland governor
Larry Hogan does not suffer from the
same mental block here's what he said
we're my biggest concern lies is with
the Montgomery
county school system and their lack of
cooperation and the lack of information
they've been providing not only have
they refused to provide any information
to us but they've refused to provide it
to the State Board of Education who
specifically requested more information
well it came up the White House briefing
today and press secretary Sean Spicer
had this to say I think part of the
reason that the president has made
illegal immigration and crackdown such a
big deal is because of tragedies like
this
Zeke Cohen is a Democrat on the City
Council the city of Baltimore a place
that ineffective sanctuary city policies
and he joins us now seeing thanks for
coming on so yesterday as it happens you
sponsored a resolution which passed on
the Baltimore City Council which
demanded that federal immigration
authorities stop enforcing federal
immigration law in the city of Baltimore
why given what just happened is that a
wise idea of these guys had been picked
up in in suburban Washington in
Rockville this never would have happened
so why would you encourage that policy
in your city so Tucker I am incredibly
proud to serve the citizens of Baltimore
Baltimore is a welcoming City and the
reason I introduced this resolution was
not to tell ice not to operate but to
only target violent criminals such as
the young people who allegedly
perpetrated this crime there is no place
in our country for this sort of sexual
violence I condemn it full heartedly but
the vast majority of immigrant
immigrants in our community are peaceful
they pay taxes and they contribute okay
but we only knew that they were violent
criminals after they had raped a ninth
grader the fact is that at least one of
them possibly both but at least one was
in violation of the law already and
because a lot of your state refuses to
enforce federal immigration law he was
able to commit that rape wouldn't have
been better to get him out of that
school and out of this country before he
raped this girl so if he had committed a
crime it absolutely would have been
better but Tucker let me say this what
concerns me in addition to this type of
crime is also what I've seen ice do in
Southeast ball
where I represent we're just recently a
father was arrested after dropping off
his son at school he has no criminal
history
his only history is violating his status
and returning to this country he escaped
violence in Honduras just the same way
that my great-grandmother escaped
violence and persecution in Austria and
we welcome him here immigrants built the
fabric of this country and Baltimore is
a place that will continue to welcome
them you know it's pretty unbelievable
that you would compare ice federal
immigration authorities to the Nazis
which he just infected and you did
explicitly yesterday when they're
enforcing laws it would have prevented
this heinous crime would you say that to
the parents the girl who is raped
these are Nazis these Americans were
enforcing immigration laws why would you
say something like that
so I extend my full sympathy to these
parents what they've been through is
horrific and to trot their crime out
publicly is really kind of shameful
Tucker and I think that the politics
you're engaging in is this sort of
Willie Horton style race baiting dog
whistle where you know we don't blame
entire groups of people for that the
heinous acts of a few for example we're
not after done really hold on murdered
nine people in a church in South
Carolina I mean I give you the whole
white people are terrorists way down I'm
not saying that all Hispanics are
terrorists I'm not saying anything like
that you're the one who explicitly
compared federal immigration authorities
to Nazis who's using the dog whistle
here who's making demagogic statements
they're Nazis you're calling fellow
American citizens Nazis for enforcing
federal law passed by Congress
are you really an officer why would you
say something like that so what I'm
doing Tucker is comparing the plight of
my great-grandmother who came here from
Austria to escape Hitler's gas chambers
to the same fate as my Honda Rene burs
who've come here escaping violence from
their country and just want to build a
better life we also had nobody actually
not what she it's not what you're saying
in fact let
me read you a quote this is from
yesterday from the city paper in
Baltimore it's a Cohen likin the recent
raids to what Nazi Germany did before
the Holocaust so you're again for the
fifth time you're accusing Americans
your fellow American citizens who are
law enforcement officials of behaving
like Nazis don't you think that's a
little over the top
speaking again of dog whistles Tucker
again what I'm saying is that when the
Statue of Liberty proclaims give me your
tired your poor your huddled masses
yearning to be free that she is calling
both to my great grandmother as well as
to my Honduran neighbors I'm not
comparing I said the Nazis what I'm
doing is to say these are people who've
been persecuted back in their home
country and if they want to come here
and build a better life in Baltimore we
welcome them okay but you are first of
all comparing them to Nazis but the
truth is Baltimore has a lot of problems
a lot of problems got with the highest
crime rates in the United States some of
those crimes are committed by people who
are here illegally illegal aliens as you
know three years ago one of them raped a
nine-year-old girl right after you
became a sanctuary city again as you
know you've had something like ten
murders in the last week and you're
spending your time telling law
enforcement not to enforce the law how
does that help the immigrants you claim
to care for so Tucker here's the real
story about Baltimore is that we are a
city rebuilding and the resilience in my
city is incredible and just because
people like you go on TV and bash us
doesn't mean that Baltimore has to take
it I'm proud to represent my ship you
remember setting your crime statistics
do you know what they are really do you
have any sense of what the murder rate
what's what's the murder rate in your
city do you know so last year we had
over 300 homicides each one is tragic I
completely agree with you I was a
teacher in West Baltimore before I
became a city council person and I will
say that our school system is struggling
our law enforcement is struggling but it
is not the fault of immigrants and in
fact Tucker what we faced for a very
long time is depopulation and the
immigrant community particularly the
Central American community which you
continuously bash on your show has
actually
come here continually bill bashing the
central american community by the way
that's completely false my only concern
is for the people who are already here
does it make a school better when people
move in who don't speak English is it
good for the kids who already in the
school do you think does it improve the
education is it fair the taxpayers have
you thought about that I think the
greatest asset in our city is our
diversity and I was joined by an amazing
group of immigrant youth yesterday what
isn't one so slow down that doesn't that
doesn't mean anything I have to a
sincere question does it improve a
school when a lot of people move in they
don't speak English
does the school get better absolutely so
if you're talking about a city that used
to be a million people and is now down
to six hundred and thirty thousand
having folks come here and participate
and pay taxes sending their kids to our
school is a blessing and we welcome
those children and like I was saying we
had a great group come to City Hall
yesterday to advocate for their
community to speak out against
intolerance and to help us pass this
resolution and that's why I'm so proud
to represent my city on this so sad I
mean maybe your city's depopulating
because you had 316 murders last year
because you don't take it seriously and
you spend your time with frivolous
nonsense like this which doesn't make
the city better it's just sad it's it's
depressing to a formerly great city like
that languish under leadership like
yours
I'm sorry Tucker it's only frivolous
when it's not really not your system
this is a bird this is you know what
it's it's sad and you're not providing a
serious answer unfortunately